ReadMe.md, before:

English | [简体中文](./ReadMe.zh-CN.md)
<p align="center"><a href="#" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img width="550"
                                                                             src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17680888/39081119-3057bbe2-456e-11e8-862c-646133ad4b43.png"
                                                                             alt="Day.js"></a></p>
<p align="center">Fast <b>2kB</b> alternative to Moment.js with the same modern API</p>
<br>
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://unpkg.com/dayjs/dist/dayjs.min.js"><img
            src="http://img.badgesize.io/https://unpkg.com/dayjs/dist/dayjs.min.js?compression=gzip&style=flat-square"
            alt="Gzip Size"></a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/dayjs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/dayjs.svg?style=flat-square"
                                                       alt="NPM Version"></a>
    <a href="https://travis-ci.org/xx45/dayjs"><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/travis/xx45/dayjs/master.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Build Status"></a>
    <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/xx45/dayjs"><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/xx45/dayjs/master.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Codecov"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/xx45/dayjs/blob/master/LICENSE"><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/dayjs.svg?style=flat-square" alt="License"></a>
</p>

> Day.js is a minimalist JavaScript library for modern browsers with a largely Moment.js-compatible API. If you use Moment.js, you already know how to use Day.js.

```js
dayjs().startOf('month').add(1, 'day').set('year', 2018).format('YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss');
```

- 🕒 Familiar Moment.js API & patterns
- 💪 Immutable
- 🔥 Chainable
- 📦 2kb mini library
- 👫 All browsers support
---

## Installation

You have multiple ways of getting Day.js:

- Via NPM:
```console
    npm install dayjs --save
```
```js
    var dayjs = require('dayjs');
    dayjs().format();
```
- Via CDN:
```html
    <!-- Latest compiled and minified JavaScript -->
    <script src="https://unpkg.com/dayjs"></script>
    <script>
      dayjs().format();
    </script>
```

- Via download and self-hosting:

Just download the latest version of Day.js at [https://unpkg.com/dayjs](https://unpkg.com/dayjs)

## Getting Started
Instead of modifying the native `Date.prototype`, Day.js creates a wrapper for the Date object, called `Dayjs` object.
`Dayjs` object is immutable, that is to say, all api operation will return a new `Dayjs` object.

## API

Api will always return a new `Dayjs` object if not specified.

* [Parse](#parse)
  * [Now](#now)
  * [String](#string)
  * [Unix Timestamp (milliseconds)](#unix-timestamp-milliseconds)
  * [Date](#date)
  * [Clone](#clone)
  * [Validation](#validation)
* [Get + Set](#get--set)
  * [Year](#year)
  * [Month](#month)
  * [Date of Month](#date-of-month)
  * [Hour](#hour)
  * [Minute](#minute)
  * [Second](#second)
  * [Millisecond](#millisecond)
  * [Set](#set)
* [Manipulate](#manipulate)
  * [Add](#add)
  * [Subtract](#subtract)
  * [Start of Time](#start-of-time)
  * [End of Time](#end-of-time)
* [Display](#display)
  * [Format](#format)
  * [Difference](#different)
  * [Unix Timestamp (milliseconds)](#unix-timestamp-milliseconds-1)
  * [Unix Timestamp (seconds)](#unix-timestamp-seconds)
  * [Days in Month](#days-in-month)
  * [As Javascript Date](#as-javascript-date)
  * [As Array](#as-array)
  * [As JSON](#as-json)
  * [As ISO 8601 String](#as-iso-8601-string)
  * [As Object](#as-object)
  * [As String](#as-string)
* [Query](#query)
  * [Is Before](#is-before)
  * [Is Same](#is-same)
  * [Is After](#is-after)
  * [Is Leap Year](#is-leap-year)

---
### Parse
Simply call `dayjs()` with one of the supported input types.
#### Now
To get the current date and time, just call dayjs() with no parameters.
```js
dayjs();
```
### String
Creating from a string matches [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format.
```js
dayjs(String);
dayjs("1995-12-25");
```
### Unix Timestamp (milliseconds)
Passing an integer value representing the number of milliseconds since the Unix Epoch (Jan 1 1970 12AM UTC).
```js
dayjs(Number);
dayjs(1318781876406);
```
### Date
Passing a pre-existing native Javascript Date object.
```js
dayjs(Date);
dayjs(new Date(2018, 8, 18));
```
### Clone
All `Dayjs` are immutable. If you want a copy of the object, just call `.clone()`.
Calling dayjs() on a `Dayjs` object will also clone it.
```js
dayjs(Dayjs);
dayjs().clone();
```
### Validation
- return Boolean

Check whether the `Dayjs` object considers the date invalid.
```js
dayjs().isValid();
```
---
### Get + Set
Get and set date.
#### Year
- return Number

Get year.
```js
dayjs().year();
```
#### Month
- return Number

Get month.
```js
dayjs().month();
```
#### Date of Month
- return Number

Get day of the month.
```js
dayjs().date();
```
#### Hour
- return Number

Get hour.
```js
dayjs().hour();
```
#### Minute
- return Number

Get minute.
```js
dayjs().minute();
```
#### Second
- return Number

Get second.
```js
dayjs().second();
```
#### Millisecond
- return Number

Get millisecond.
```js
dayjs().millisecond();
```
#### Set
Date setter.
Units are case insensitive
```js
dayjs().set(unit : String, value : Int);
dayjs().set('month', 3);  // April
dayjs().set('second', 30);
```
---
### Manipulate
Once you have a `Dayjs` object, you may want to manipulate it in some way like this:
```js
dayjs().startOf('month').add(1, 'day').subtract(1, 'year')
```
#### Add
Return a new `Dayjs` object by adding time.
```js
dayjs().add(value : Number, unit : String);
dayjs().add(7, 'day');
```
#### Subtract
Return a new `Dayjs` object by subtracting time. exactly the same as `dayjs#add`.
```js
dayjs().subtract(value : Number, unit : String);
dayjs().subtract(7, 'year');
```
#### Start of Time
Return a new `Dayjs` object by by setting it to the start of a unit of time.
```js
dayjs().startOf(unit : String);
dayjs().startOf('year');
```
#### End of Time
Return a new `Dayjs` object by by setting it to the end of a unit of time.
```js
dayjs().endOf(unit : String);
dayjs().endOf('month');
```
---
### Display
Once parsing and manipulation are done, you need some way to display the `Dayjs` object.
#### Format
- return String

Takes a string of tokens and replaces them with their corresponding date values.
```js
dayjs().format(String);
dayjs().format();                       // "2014-09-08T08:02:17-05:00" (ISO 8601, no fractional seconds)
dayjs().format("[YYYY] MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ"); // "[2014] 09-08T08:02:17-05:00"
```
#### Difference
- return Number

Get the difference of two `Dayjs` object in milliseconds or other unit.
```js
dayjs().diff(Dayjs, unit);
dayjs().diff(dayjs(), 'years'); // 0
```
#### Unix Timestamp (milliseconds)
- return Number

Outputs the number of milliseconds since the Unix Epoch
```js
dayjs().valueOf();
```
#### Unix Timestamp (seconds)
- return Number

Outputs a Unix timestamp (the number of seconds since the Unix Epoch).
```js
dayjs().unix();
```
#### Days in Month
- return Number

Get the number of days in the current month.
```js
dayjs().daysInMonth();
```
#### As Javascript Date
- return Javascript `Date` object

Get copy of the native `Date` object from `Dayjs` object.
```js
dayjs().toDate();
```
#### As Array
- return Array

Return an array that mirrors the parameters from new Date().
```js
dayjs().toArray(); //[2018, 8, 18, 00, 00, 00, 000];
```
#### As JSON
- return JSON String

Serializing an `Dayjs` to JSON, will return an ISO8601 string.
```js
dayjs().toJSON(); //"2018-08-08T00:00:00.000Z"
```
#### As ISO 8601 String
- return String

Formats a string to the ISO8601 standard.
```js
dayjs().toISOString();
```
#### As Object
- return Object

Return an object with year, month ... millisecond.
```js
dayjs().toObject();// { years:2018, months:8, date:18, hours:0, minutes:0, seconds:0, milliseconds:0}
```
#### As String
- return String

```js
dayjs().toString();
```
---
### Query
#### Is Before
- return Boolean

Check if a `Dayjs` object is before another `Dayjs` object.
```js
dayjs().isBefore(Dayjs);
dayjs().isBefore(dayjs()); // false
```
#### Is Same
- return Boolean

Check if a `Dayjs` object is same as another `Dayjs` object.
```js
dayjs().isSame(Dayjs);
dayjs().isSame(dayjs()); // true
```
#### Is After
- return Boolean

Check if a `Dayjs` object is after another `Dayjs` object.
```js
dayjs().isAfter(Dayjs);
dayjs().isAfter(dayjs()); // false
```
#### Is Leap Year
- return Boolean

Check if a year is a leap year.
```js
dayjs().isLeapYear();
dayjs('2000-01-01').isLeapYear(); // true
```
---
## License

MIT

Commit message:

Added more documentation for display formats.

ReadMe.md, after:

English | [简体中文](./ReadMe.zh-CN.md)
<p align="center"><a href="#" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img width="550"
                                                                             src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17680888/39081119-3057bbe2-456e-11e8-862c-646133ad4b43.png"
                                                                             alt="Day.js"></a></p>
<p align="center">Fast <b>2kB</b> alternative to Moment.js with the same modern API</p>
<br>
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://unpkg.com/dayjs/dist/dayjs.min.js"><img
            src="http://img.badgesize.io/https://unpkg.com/dayjs/dist/dayjs.min.js?compression=gzip&style=flat-square"
            alt="Gzip Size"></a>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/dayjs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/dayjs.svg?style=flat-square"
                                                       alt="NPM Version"></a>
    <a href="https://travis-ci.org/xx45/dayjs"><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/travis/xx45/dayjs/master.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Build Status"></a>
    <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/xx45/dayjs"><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/xx45/dayjs/master.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Codecov"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/xx45/dayjs/blob/master/LICENSE"><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/dayjs.svg?style=flat-square" alt="License"></a>
</p>

> Day.js is a minimalist JavaScript library for modern browsers with a largely Moment.js-compatible API. If you use Moment.js, you already know how to use Day.js.

```js
dayjs().startOf('month').add(1, 'day').set('year', 2018).format('YYYY-MM-DD HH:mm:ss');
```

- 🕒 Familiar Moment.js API & patterns
- 💪 Immutable
- 🔥 Chainable
- 📦 2kb mini library
- 👫 All browsers support
---

## Installation

You have multiple ways of getting Day.js:

- Via NPM:
```console
    npm install dayjs --save
```
```js
    var dayjs = require('dayjs');
    dayjs().format();
```
- Via CDN:
```html
    <!-- Latest compiled and minified JavaScript -->
    <script src="https://unpkg.com/dayjs"></script>
    <script>
      dayjs().format();
    </script>
```

- Via download and self-hosting:

Just download the latest version of Day.js at [https://unpkg.com/dayjs](https://unpkg.com/dayjs)

## Getting Started
Instead of modifying the native `Date.prototype`, Day.js creates a wrapper for the Date object, called `Dayjs` object.
`Dayjs` object is immutable, that is to say, all api operation will return a new `Dayjs` object.

## API

Api will always return a new `Dayjs` object if not specified.

* [Parse](#parse)
  * [Now](#now)
  * [String](#string)
  * [Unix Timestamp (milliseconds)](#unix-timestamp-milliseconds)
  * [Date](#date)
  * [Clone](#clone)
  * [Validation](#validation)
* [Get + Set](#get--set)
  * [Year](#year)
  * [Month](#month)
  * [Date of Month](#date-of-month)
  * [Hour](#hour)
  * [Minute](#minute)
  * [Second](#second)
  * [Millisecond](#millisecond)
  * [Set](#set)
* [Manipulate](#manipulate)
  * [Add](#add)
  * [Subtract](#subtract)
  * [Start of Time](#start-of-time)
  * [End of Time](#end-of-time)
* [Display](#display)
  * [Format](#format)
  * [Difference](#different)
  * [Unix Timestamp (milliseconds)](#unix-timestamp-milliseconds-1)
  * [Unix Timestamp (seconds)](#unix-timestamp-seconds)
  * [Days in Month](#days-in-month)
  * [As Javascript Date](#as-javascript-date)
  * [As Array](#as-array)
  * [As JSON](#as-json)
  * [As ISO 8601 String](#as-iso-8601-string)
  * [As Object](#as-object)
  * [As String](#as-string)
* [Query](#query)
  * [Is Before](#is-before)
  * [Is Same](#is-same)
  * [Is After](#is-after)
  * [Is Leap Year](#is-leap-year)

---
### Parse
Simply call `dayjs()` with one of the supported input types.
#### Now
To get the current date and time, just call dayjs() with no parameters.
```js
dayjs();
```
### String
Creating from a string matches [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format.
```js
dayjs(String);
dayjs("1995-12-25");
```
### Unix Timestamp (milliseconds)
Passing an integer value representing the number of milliseconds since the Unix Epoch (Jan 1 1970 12AM UTC).
```js
dayjs(Number);
dayjs(1318781876406);
```
### Date
Passing a pre-existing native Javascript Date object.
```js
dayjs(Date);
dayjs(new Date(2018, 8, 18));
```
### Clone
All `Dayjs` are immutable. If you want a copy of the object, just call `.clone()`.
Calling dayjs() on a `Dayjs` object will also clone it.
```js
dayjs(Dayjs);
dayjs().clone();
```
### Validation
- return Boolean

Check whether the `Dayjs` object considers the date invalid.
```js
dayjs().isValid();
```
---
### Get + Set
Get and set date.
#### Year
- return Number

Get year.
```js
dayjs().year();
```
#### Month
- return Number

Get month.
```js
dayjs().month();
```
#### Date of Month
- return Number

Get day of the month.
```js
dayjs().date();
```
#### Hour
- return Number

Get hour.
```js
dayjs().hour();
```
#### Minute
- return Number

Get minute.
```js
dayjs().minute();
```
#### Second
- return Number

Get second.
```js
dayjs().second();
```
#### Millisecond
- return Number

Get millisecond.
```js
dayjs().millisecond();
```
#### Set
Date setter.
Units are case insensitive
```js
dayjs().set(unit : String, value : Int);
dayjs().set('month', 3);  // April
dayjs().set('second', 30);
```
---
### Manipulate
Once you have a `Dayjs` object, you may want to manipulate it in some way like this:
```js
dayjs().startOf('month').add(1, 'day').subtract(1, 'year')
```
#### Add
Return a new `Dayjs` object by adding time.
```js
dayjs().add(value : Number, unit : String);
dayjs().add(7, 'day');
```
#### Subtract
Return a new `Dayjs` object by subtracting time. exactly the same as `dayjs#add`.
```js
dayjs().subtract(value : Number, unit : String);
dayjs().subtract(7, 'year');
```
#### Start of Time
Return a new `Dayjs` object by by setting it to the start of a unit of time.
```js
dayjs().startOf(unit : String);
dayjs().startOf('year');
```
#### End of Time
Return a new `Dayjs` object by by setting it to the end of a unit of time.
```js
dayjs().endOf(unit : String);
dayjs().endOf('month');
```
---
### Display
Once parsing and manipulation are done, you need some way to display the `Dayjs` object.
#### Format
- return String

Takes a string of tokens and replaces them with their corresponding date values.
```js
dayjs().format(String);
dayjs().format();                       // "2014-09-08T08:02:17-05:00" (ISO 8601, no fractional seconds)
dayjs().format("[YYYY] MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ"); // "[2014] 09-08T08:02:17-05:00"
```
List of all available formats:
| Format | Output | Description |
| ------ | ------ | ----------- |
| YY | 18 | Two digit year |
| YYYY | 2018 | Four digit year |
| M | 1-12 | The month, beginning at 1 |
| MM | 01-12 | The month, with preceeding 0
| MMM | Jan-Dec | The abbreviated month name |
| MMMM | January-December | The full month name |
| D | 1-31 | The day of the month |
| DD | 01-31 | The day of the month, preceeding 0 |
| d | 0-6 | The day of the week, with Sunday as 0 |
| dddd | Sunday-Saturday | The name of the day of the week |
| H | 0-23 | The hour |
| HH | 00-23 | The hour, with preceeding 0 |
| m | 0-59 | The minute |
| mm | 00-59 | The minute, with preceeding 0 |
| s | 0-59 | The second |
| ss | 00-59 | The second, with preceeding 0 |
| Z | +5:00 | The offset from UTC |
| ZZ | +0500 | The offset from UTC with preceeding 0 |

#### Difference
- return Number

Get the difference of two `Dayjs` object in milliseconds or other unit.
```js
dayjs().diff(Dayjs, unit);
dayjs().diff(dayjs(), 'years'); // 0
```
#### Unix Timestamp (milliseconds)
- return Number

Outputs the number of milliseconds since the Unix Epoch
```js
dayjs().valueOf();
```
#### Unix Timestamp (seconds)
- return Number

Outputs a Unix timestamp (the number of seconds since the Unix Epoch).
```js
dayjs().unix();
```
#### Days in Month
- return Number

Get the number of days in the current month.
```js
dayjs().daysInMonth();
```
#### As Javascript Date
- return Javascript `Date` object

Get copy of the native `Date` object from `Dayjs` object.
```js
dayjs().toDate();
```
#### As Array
- return Array

Return an array that mirrors the parameters from new Date().
```js
dayjs().toArray(); //[2018, 8, 18, 00, 00, 00, 000];
```
#### As JSON
- return JSON String

Serializing an `Dayjs` to JSON, will return an ISO8601 string.
```js
dayjs().toJSON(); //"2018-08-08T00:00:00.000Z"
```
#### As ISO 8601 String
- return String

Formats a string to the ISO8601 standard.
```js
dayjs().toISOString();
```
#### As Object
- return Object

Return an object with year, month ... millisecond.
```js
dayjs().toObject();// { years:2018, months:8, date:18, hours:0, minutes:0, seconds:0, milliseconds:0}
```
#### As String
- return String

```js
dayjs().toString();
```
---
### Query
#### Is Before
- return Boolean

Check if a `Dayjs` object is before another `Dayjs` object.
```js
dayjs().isBefore(Dayjs);
dayjs().isBefore(dayjs()); // false
```
#### Is Same
- return Boolean

Check if a `Dayjs` object is same as another `Dayjs` object.
```js
dayjs().isSame(Dayjs);
dayjs().isSame(dayjs()); // true
```
#### Is After
- return Boolean

Check if a `Dayjs` object is after another `Dayjs` object.
```js
dayjs().isAfter(Dayjs);
dayjs().isAfter(dayjs()); // false
```
#### Is Leap Year
- return Boolean

Check if a year is a leap year.
```js
dayjs().isLeapYear();
dayjs('2000-01-01').isLeapYear(); // true
```
---
## License

MIT
